Rashieda Landis, a ward councillor from Chrisville, south of Johannesburg has revealed the traumatic events that took place leading up to the death of a five-year-old boy. It is alleged that the boy s father beat him so severely on Thursday night that the child died soon after.Landis spoke to TimesLIVE and explained how she saw that the boy had been beaten, she also revealed that the father didn t seem to care about what had happened.He [the father] was very casual. So casual after he kicked that baby and smashed him against the wall. He [the boy] had cigarette burns all over his body. I was with him when he died. I saw his face and I immediately knew he had been beaten. I called his [child] name; he looked up at me and sighed his last breath. The story becomes even more sickening as Landis revealed that the father had just got out of jail for beating the boy. Last night I asked: Is he on parole . He wasn t. This guy [the boy s father] was arrested six months ago for beating his child. The father s sister and I laid a case against him. Three months later his sister had dropped the charges against him.His sister went to [Westgate] Court and the judge actually allowed it [the charges to be dropped]. The boy s father was known in the area as a drug addict but he had been drug-free while he was in prison. The man is also believed to have a three-year-old daughter, she is the one who told Landis how her brother was beaten. I want to get into how and why he did what he [the father] did. He [the father] sat there and rubbed the child s foot and told me the child would be ok by that time the boy was already dead Landis said.Paramedics from ER24 revealed that the boy had severe injuries and was covered in bruises. Paramedics suspect that the child died from internal bleeding.The boy s father has been arrested but Landis feels let down by the justice system. In my many years of doing community work this is the first time I broke down.I helped him the first time but I couldn t help him this time. I am shattered angry and [I feel] let down by the justice system. It is murder. 