Addressing Zimbabwe s LGBT Rights: Robert Mugabe referred to gay people in his country as being worse than dogs and pigs. The President who was making reference to Takunda Amina- a man considered to be gay, described homosexuality as un-African and as a white man s self-stupidity. Homosexuals residing in Zimbabwe have experienced tonnes of similar public criticism from the political leaders like Mugabe and the society at large.Amina has experienced worst of the public taunts first from his immediate family, then to his friends and neighbours. At 24, he was already chased from his family home, forced to marry twice and fathered three children who ask him tough questions about sex and sexualityThe press in Zimbabwe also takes part in vilifying people of his kind while commending the President for not changing his mind about Zimbabwe s LGBT Right. But Amina claims he has done everything possible to change his condition- including approaching the highest spiritual healers but nothing has so far been done to help him out. I m a single father of three and a male sex worker, Amina told the Thomson Reuters Foundation, adding that he was forced to take up sex work as Zimbabwe s fractured economy had rendered so many youths jobless. On a good day, Amina said he makes $150, with most of his clients employed as business and legal executives.Amina was born in Kadoma, a mining town in Zimbabwe s Mashonaland West province, and knew as a young boy that he was attracted to other boys. I have always known that I was different, but I didn t really know that I was gay; at the age of 11, that s when I knew that I was attracted to other boys. At first, I thought I was alone, but my other friends gave me a clear picture of who really I was gay, Amina said. The more my family took me to prophets and traditional healers, the more gay I became. They (my family) thought I had a spiritual challenge, said Amina. Zimbabwe s LGBT Right have since 1995, been dominated by the fact that male same-sex sexual activity is illegal as the government has continued its campaigns against both homosexual men and women in the country.The Zimbabwean laws passed in 2006 criminalizes any actions perceived as homosexual. The law made it a criminal offence for two people of the same sex to hold hands, hug, or kiss. This sexual deviancy law is one of 15 additions to Zimbabwe s Criminal Code quietly passed in Parliament.It carries penalties of up to three years in jail. But, the police often arrest gays, then set them free without bringing charges. Fearing victimisation, they hide their sexuality.Meanwhile, President Mugabe has faced huge criticism following his decision about Zimbabwe s LGBT Right in 1995 after he came across a stall set up by the Association of Gays and Lesbians of Zimbabwe (GALZ) I find it extremely outrageous and repugnant to my human conscience that such immoral and repulsive organizations, like those of homosexuals, who offend both against the law of nature and the cultural norms espoused by our society, should have any advocates in our midst and elsewhere in the world. It degrades human dignity. It s unnatural, and there is no question ever of allowing these people to behave worse than dogs and pigs. If dogs and pigs do not do it, why must human beings? We have our own culture, and we must re-dedicate ourselves to our traditional values that make us human beings. What we are being persuaded to accept is sub-animal behaviour and we will never allow it here. If you see people parading themselves as Lesbians and Gays, arrest them and hand them over to the police! was his reply to critics.